Code Pen link: https://codepen.io/taniryla/pen/WNpdxmP

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html code that describes its meaning to the browser and the developer

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    
    web development pages
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    
    provide additional information about the elements and we always put it in the start tag
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    
    h1 tag is the main heading/subject for the entire page and it should be only used once on a page. 
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    
    <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    
    the <head> element
    
    7. What is an id? 
    
    used to specify a unique id in CSS for an html element
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    
    an id can be added to any element
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    
    only one ID per element
    
    10. What is a class? 
    
    used to specify any class for html elements. 
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    
    a class can be added to any element
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    
    no limit on how many times you can use the same class on a page
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    
    target="_blank"
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    
    specifies an alternative text for an image if the image cannot be displayed 
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    
   #id_name in CSS
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    
    a section is semantic but a div can be used non-semantically
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
    
    adding color and style to your website
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    
    just type in "h2 { }" in the CSS
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    
    id only identifies one single element whereas a class can identify multiple elements
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    
    .class_name {}
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    
    <p class="human">
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    
    selects all the elements that are a direct child of the specific element. useful when you want to make one change and have it effect multiple elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    
    .sidebar { } in css
    
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state such as the first element of their type.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    
    line-height in css
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    
    letter-spacing in css
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? 
    
    text-transform: uppercase;
    
    lowercase? 
    
    text-transform: lowercase;
    
    Capitalize?
    
    text-transform: capitalize;
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    
    add a class to div
    
    .class_name {
      border-style: dotted;
      border-width: 1px;
      border-color: black;
      }
      
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {
    
    }
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    
    /* This is a single-line comment */ 
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    
    ls, ls -a, ls -l
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    
    rm -r
    
    it can delete with out a warning prompt
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    
    allows remote teams to work together and keeps accountability and records on every version and every line of code
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    
    at least a couple of times every hour
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
    git push -u origin-branch name
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    1) fork the repo
    2) add your name in front of the repo
    3) cd to the right directory
    4) git clone url from github code button
    5) cd into the repo
    6) git checkout - b 'ryland-taniguchi'
    7) get the assignment done and modify the repo
    8) git add will add the repo changes and get it ready for committing
    9) git commit -m "comment"
    10) git push -u origin-branch name
    11) do a pull request on github
    12) go to forked project on github
    13) click your name-branch and click new pull request
    14) change base repository to the forked version
    15) click create pull request